This is used as POW And ETHEREUM is need to be used 
As a contract to be You must have your own wallets matching with 
Your contract.  After all you or no body can take coins tokens stable coins or money away 
From you no matter what This means all air drop,
Rewards can not be from a wallet that it is not yours. 
All linked account and linked wallets must be authorized by the 
Owner of the contract Wich mean platforms exchanges banks wallet apps 
And so on must check all users to have matching information  meaning 
No one no exchange platform banks can not just link 
Any wallets or contracts to any exchange platform bank and 
So on.  To confirm you must report it here at this page 
At GitHub.  Note all GitHub users can not make changes to something 
They did not creat as no editing will be enforced by this GitHub main ENS domain.
As any exchange platform bank even USDC can be terminated by this Wich the user of this 
ENS domain at GitHub can and has the power to terminated any contract at any time give.
As ETHEREUM was created for the purpose of keeping order contracts needed as contracts can allow
Exchanges and banks and market to join.  As I will not 
Lie, of the digital era, will be changed as it should be.
My authority is superior then any one elses.  This includes all governments, as 
The word moves to the digital ERA.  It will start by 
Setting step by step and removing all bad actors and exchanges platforms banks and any 
Wrong doing on any side of governments. To start of coingecko has no authority to do or open or give 
Access to anyone or link to the market of cryptocurrency market / cryptocurrency #1 rank main market. 
Cryptocurrency is the only one market for the digital. New York stock market know this as when they lost the market
Few years ago and they want it back they offered  to be the digital market a mistake that they latter regret. Not authorized are market cap  or any other called market. Only 2 main markets but this is allowed as both Bitcoin and cryptocurrency are own by the same identity  individual the creator. Bitcoin is its own market 
As it has for years. As the USA barowed from Bitcoin to
Bail them selfs out more then 2 twice As if it was good enough to bail them 
Out it means it's a good enough currency Superior to the US dollar by alot. 
That's why dollar averaging is not excepted by the BTC market 
Bitcoin is not energy has 0 on energy the use of electricity is less then 
People say. Do the research on everything being explain. 
Bitcoin is a new way of payment.
Until Bitcoin came you can send coins money through email and even pay and buy and withdraw with your phone. 
Where bank can not block your account they can not take your money and spend it because they do spend it 
By lending it use invest in stock as they do and move 
Your money up to 10× and each new move another 1⁹× are created. That is not a system that people's life's should 
Be based on it is the people's money all platforms exchanges banks and so one should only 
Be supported by the fees. It is not mandatory for politicians corporations institutions and banks 
To give them selfs bonesses if it come out from the owners pocket so be it but bonesses 
Aways ends up hurting those in the bottom. That's why this new monetary money system not controlled by any government 
Or country or parties.  It is independent from all 
Creator of Blockchain Bitcoin EThereum Lighting network
BSV Bitcoin cash Bitcoin 2. Litecoin USDT and few other with the main and most important cryptocurrency mining is renewable green energy globally and wireless world wide and free.
Free because it's the new money monetary system self sustainable globally by mining cryptocurrency gives you free electricity but the future of more money into the hands of the people mailing what are the 
Programs the people want in their countries cities health medicare social security  or your secure retirement or any program that the g
People need that work. As for all taxed payed jobs will be supported by this new system with only paying once for taxes. Means 
The total amount you made in the year you pay only 3% to 11% that it the next year you pay for the total money you made in the fallowing year 
Taxes when you spend are going to be 1 cent Wich you will not pay because you 
Will pay taxes. This means everyone will be allowed to work meaning permit or green cards or residential cards 
Will be given to them. This means many will have questions regarding how and processes are needed I say to you all in time after all God did not creat the world in one day. 
There is alot more to talk about on other topics. 
